Login and Sign up form:

Structure ->
    • Main page (simple) 'Login button' and 'Sign up' button and single 'company' image.
    • Sign up ->
        1) Username
        2) Password
        3) Date of Birth to verify age. Example: "Must be 13+ to use this!"
        4) Sign up button to confirm.
        5) Back button
    • Login ->
        1) Username
        2) Password
        3) Login button to confirm.
        4) Back button

Other Needs ->
    • When "Sign up" confirm button is clicked ->
        add slide thing
        a) Check in SQL database if username already is taken (if it exists)
            if yes:
                Send message telling user to pick a different username.
            if no:
                Log username and password in MySQL.
                Send message telling user that their account was created.

    • When "Login" confirm button is clicked ->
        add slide thing
        a) Check in SQL database if the username entered has a matching password keyed to it.
            if yes:
                Successfully logged in!
            if no:
                Username or password was entered incorrectly.

    • Username, password, and DOB can't be blank.
    • Don't need to log DOB in database because we will check at sign up if user is 13+
    • We will go through some SQL stuff.

    To check login ->
        Operation:
            SELECT * FROM {name of table}
            WHERE username='usernameEntered' AND password='passwordEntered';
        Explanation:
            The 'SELECT' keyword is pretty standard. It means you are 'selecting' something from a database or table.
            The '*' means 'all', so 'SELECT *' means 'select all'.
            The 'FROM' keyword specifies what table you are getting data from. In this, we will only have 1 table.
            The first line means, 'select all from {name of table}'. The 'name of table' part is just the name of the table.
            The 'WHERE' keyword is sort of like parameters. It means it checks the 'requirements'.
            Note: The 'username' after 'WHERE' means the 'parameters' of the table. Same with the 'password'.
            The statements after 'WHERE' means that it will check if 'username' is equal to 'whatever is inputted in the "username" textbox of the login page'
            Same above for the 'password' field.
            The 'AND' keyword just means that there are more conditions to be met.
            We end our statements with a semicolon ';'.

    To insert new account into database ->
        Operation:
            INSERT INTO {name of table} (username, password)
            VALUES ('usernameEntered', 'passwordEntered');
        Explanation:
            The 'INSERT INTO' keyword 'inserts' information into the 'name of table' and you specify the parameters of the table, which is the stuff in parenthesis ().
            The 'VALUES' keyword specifies what you are entering into the table. For this project, it will be the username and password entered in sign up form.

Schedule:
    Later...

    Note that these video orders are not 100% correct and there may be changes.